Demand versus work, what's the difference?
Let's list a few attributes of each.
Demand or stuff to do.
Where does this stuff come from?
Where do I put it?
How do I track it?
How do I decide to work on it?
Who will work on it?
When do I start?
Okay, I've started, now what?
Next, it's the work itself, the stuff that I am doing.
Well, it's work.
Okay, it's work being, well, worked.
Who is working it?
Why?
How are you doing about the work?
What about new priorities?
When will it be done?
I have other approved work, now what?
So you can see I have attributes on each side.
One, the stuff to do side on the left.
the work is coming in, I'm thinking about how to organize it and structure it,
and what does it all mean.
And on the right, it's stuff that I am doing.
I am working on these things,
but these are other questions that might come up and thoughts I may
have while I'm working on these kinds of things.
Now let's see why I choose to split up things in this way.
Each is approached differently.
So, why did I split it up this way, you may be asking.
It is very important to understand the differences
between managing demand and managing work.
There are different processes and business practices for each.
And I thought the best way to approach this course is to first focus on demand
because that is what usually will be coming to you first,
and secondly, focus on the work portion.
Now, there is some overlap in their respective processes,
certainly, and that will be addressed in later modules of this course. Okay, here are the course modules.